>> Brian Holt: So
we didn't fix the other page, right?
So if we went back over to,
>> Brian Holt: We could just go ahead and
do it really quick, in details such as,
cuz it's also reading from context and
context no longer exists.
So we would delete that.
We would import connect, from connect.
Sorry, not from connect, but react-redux.
>> Brian Holt: So
the context stuff down here,
we would delete all of that stuff
cuz we don't need it anymore.
>> Brian Holt: Right?
We don't need this crazy stuff.
And theme here is just
gonna be props.theme.
And props, well actually,
this is going to be this.props.theme.
>> Brian Holt: I think that's
the only reference to it.
Okay, cool.
And now we just have to go connect it.
So here we're gonna say
const WrappedDetails
is going to be equal to
connect(mapStateToProps) and then Details.
And then we're going to change
this to be WrappedDetails,
and then we just have to quickly
right const mapStateToProps.
That's gonna be this.
It's going to take on a theme and
it's going to return an object
that has theme in it.
>> Brian Holt: Right, because our redux
store has both theme in it as well as
location, but this particular
component doesn't care about location.
So we don't want to inject that,
we just want to inject theme.
That's why we're only pulling
out theme and injecting that.
And so now,
if you go back over to details, submit,
go look at Fat Boy Slim here.
Still reading and
writing from redux, right?
So everything I've shown you so
far as purely synchronous, a redux, right?
We didn't do any Ajax requests.
We didn't do anything like that.
In V3 of the course,
as well as perhaps before,
I don't remember if we did it before or
not, we go over redux thunk, which is
one way to do request something from
an API, get it back, feed it into redux.
Yeah, there's just more complex things
that you can accomplish with redux.
But for now, I think this is enough of
a demonstration to show you what you're
getting into if you if
you're getting into redux.
We're gonna do git reset --HARD,
or hard like that to HEAD.
And then we're gonna
say git clean -f.
I have a really hard time
distinguishing mpm and
git cuz they're three letter things and
I use both of them constantly.
I think I have to do rf.
No?
>> Brian Holt: All right, whatever.
I think I still have, yeah,
some of these folders exist, but
let's just go delete them manually.
Server.
>> Brian Holt: Delete.
>> Brian Holt: And source.
>> Brian Holt: To trash,
reducers, move to trash.